c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.dll.config
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.pdb
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\Nike.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\NikeMVCVM.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\NikeMVCVM.pdb
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.Business.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.Business.pdb
c:\users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.DataLayer.pdb
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.dll.config
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.pdb
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.Business.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.DataLayer.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.Business.pdb
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.DataLayer.pdb
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\Nike.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\NikeMVCVM.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\NikeMVCVM.pdb
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.dll.config
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\NikeMVCVM.pdb
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.Business.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.DataLayer.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.Business.pdb
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\Nike.DataLayer.pdb
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\Nike.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\NikeMVCVM.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\obj\Debug\NikeMVCVM.pdb
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\mygit\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\DEV\Github\Internship\NikeMVCVM\NikeMVCVM\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
