c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\WebApp.Manager.dll.config
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\WebApp.Manager.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\WebApp.Manager.pdb
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\AuthorizeNet.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\ComponentArt.Web.UI.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.ApplicationModules.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.BaseLibrary.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Business.Commerce.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Commerce.Internal.Migration.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Data.Cache.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Data.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Enterprise.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Events.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Framework.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.ImageLibrary.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Implementation.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Licensing.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.LinkAnalyzer.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Logging.Log4Net.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Shell.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Web.WebControls.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.WorkflowFoundation.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.XForms.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Ionic.Zip.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\log4net.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.BusinessFoundation.Data.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.BusinessFoundation.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Cms.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Marketing.Validators.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Plugins.Payment.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Plugins.Shipping.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Website.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Workflow.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.ConsoleManager.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.DataProvider.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.FileUploader.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.MetaDataPlus.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Search.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Search.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Search.LuceneSearchProvider.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.SqlDataProvider.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.WebConsoleLib.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.DataVisualization.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.ProcessingObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\nsoftware.IBizPay.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\RssToolkit.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Validators.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.BaseLibrary.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Business.Commerce.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Configuration.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Data.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Enterprise.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Events.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Framework.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Shell.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.Web.WebControls.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.WorkflowFoundation.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\EPiServer.XForms.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Ionic.Zip.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\log4net.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Lucene.Net.pdb
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.BusinessFoundation.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.BusinessFoundation.Data.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Cms.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Marketing.Validators.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Plugins.Payment.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Plugins.Shipping.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Website.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Commerce.Workflow.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.DataProvider.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.FileUploader.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.MetaDataPlus.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Search.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Search.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.Search.LuceneSearchProvider.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.SqlDataProvider.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Mediachase.WebConsoleLib.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\StructureMap.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\obj\Debug\WebApp.Manager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\obj\Debug\WebApp.Manager.dll
c:\Users\bogdan.mates\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMSSite\WebApp.Manager\obj\Debug\WebApp.Manager.pdb
